Adding a common troubleshooting instruction. (#1553)
aiven/devportal: README.rst

    pip install -r requirements.txt

.. note::

>     You might need to run ``brew install postgres@<VERSION>`` (or a similar command for your package manager) to install PostgreSQL® as a ``psycopg2`` build dependency. 

Reviewer: Thanks for this - documenting a sensible work-around while we figure out what to actually do sounds sensible,

The brew package name is `postgresql@14` at the moment - which is unusual, as one doesn't normally specify the version. I'd probably say
```
... run ``brew install postgresql@14`` to install PostgreSQL 14 (or a similar command ...
```

Also, GitHub won't render a `note` directive properly, so it's better to do "presentational markup" - that is, something more like:

```
    **Note:** You might need ...
```

(that's indented so it becomes a block quote, which makes it stand out as not part of the main text.

    pip install -r requirements.txt

> **Note:** You might need to run ``brew install postgresql@14`` to install PostgreSQL 14 (or a similar command for your package manager) to install PostgreSQL® as a ``psycopg2`` build dependency. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** If that fails because it can't install ``psycopg2-binary``, run ``brew install postgresql@14`` to install PostgreSQL 14 (or a similar command for your package manager) and then try again.
```
I think it's better to put the problem first, and also I believe it's specifically a problem with the binary package.
